Welcome. I'm Jill Saskingales, a Google
Ads coach at Inside Google Ads and I'm
here with Andrew Lok who is the founder
of Savvy Revenue. And today we are going
to talk about automation in Google
search ads because if you are running
Google search ads today or Google
Shopping Ads, no matter how much you try
to lock things down, there is going to
be some degree of automation coming in
there. Andrew, how are you doing today?
>> So far so good. This is my last thing of
the day. Then we're going uh to the
Mexican version of Napa Valley,
actually. Uh wine country. So
>> that's last thing to do of the day.
>> Last thing of the day. It's my last
thing of the day, too. After this, I'm
heading over to my parents house for
dinner with my kids and everything. So,
I will have a slightly more relaxing and
sober evening than you. It sounds like
[laughter]
>> we have in-laws here, so it's basically
the same thing.
>> Basically the same thing.
>> Basically the same thing. Well, before
we kick off today and talk about all
different aspects of hidden search terms
and broad match and AIMAX and all these
things, I want to give a little bit of
context for why Andrew and I are the
ones here having this conversation
today. So, I was thinking back, Andrew,
the first time we spoke was when we were
on the PPC Town Hall podcast with Fred,
actually speaking about a similar topic,
but it was a whole year ago. And I
remember in that conversation that you
and I were disagreeing a lot, but
respectfully so. You would share, well,
here's what I always do. And I'd be
like, well, actually, I always do it
that way. And this is a theme I've
noticed as we've become friends over the
last year. You know, when you spoke at
Hero Comp, I remember you spoke about um
how like brand is a waste and not to
advertise on your brand and I was
sitting there watching you like I
disagree with so much of what he's
saying and yet I also really respect and
feel like I'm learning something useful
even through the fact that I don't agree
with it all, you know? And then we were
in Amsterdam together, Friends of
Search, we were at Google Marketing Live
together. And this is a really important
theme. I wanted to bring up before we
get into the conversation today because
I think sometimes online people will
disagree with someone and it turns into
like disagree with a person and you're
so wrong and you're terrible. And one of
the many reasons I like being friends
with you is I really respect your
expertise. I really respect your point
of view. I don't always agree with what
you say and still I feel like I learn
really helpful things from you. So I
just want to share that before we dive
in today. Thank you for sharing your
perspective today. I just I think it's
like I think the longer you've been in
this industry, we've all been wrong
enough to know that it's it's it's
actually a good thing if some other
people have different opinions. Like
some of the core things that I know
today is because somebody said it
somewhere and I was like, "Aha, I are
you sure?" And then you look into it and
like this actually works. Okay, let's
let's let's do that. Uh I think I think
a healthy skepticism to what everybody's
saying is a good thing. like there's
also thing you and I also work in more
or less completely different industries.
Uh so that that gives different context
where I can remember when I work with
with small business owners and it's just
a completely different ballpark. So I
agree I agree fully with with everything
you just said.
>> Look at that agree on something.
>> So when I get very negative on somebody
in five minutes then then that person
just needs to remember we just said
that.
>> Not at all. Not at all. Well, let's
start. You know, uh it feels like as
much as anything can ever be
controversial in the world of paid ads,
that the latest controversy on uh PPC
LinkedIn at least, I'm sure it's on X as
well, is run in hidden search terms. And
the fact that now more than ever when
you go look at your search terms report,
you will see search terms there. Even in
PMAX, you will see search terms now as
well as search and shopping. But a huge
chunk of your investment will be these
other search terms that you can't see.
Google says this is for privacy reasons.
Conspiracy theorists say otherwise. I
personally choose to go with Google's
explanation that it's privacy or some
other reason. We just can't see it. Uh
and so recently, people have been
talking about how hidden search terms is
a big waste of money. I actually had a
lawyer DM me on LinkedIn saying he was
filing a lawsuit against Google over
other search terms and did I want to
comment? I was like, heck no, I do not
want to comment. But that's how big this
has sort of gotten. And so I know you
and I were DMing about this. I'd love to
hear your perspective. First question
for you, are hidden search terms a good
thing or a bad thing or neutral?
>> It's absolutely horrible. Like it's
>> absolutely horrible. Okay.
>> It like it's it the fact that
>> so again I work in e-commerce. We have
plenty of data. So it's usually it's not
something we have to pay a lot of
attention to. But when we did the times
we do venture into B2B e-commerce or we
venture into more niche areas where you
start seeing okay half or 60 or 70% of
the search is just gone and you can't
really figure out what to do because you
don't have that much data. It you just
you just your hands are tied behind your
back. You you can't do anything about
it. So I I completely agree goo like I
agree with Google's
privacy
concerns and and somebody at Google
explained it to me in very fundamental
ways that I can't repeat because I was
told not to repeat it. I think you heard
the same explanations. Uh so I actually
I I understand it from their point of
view and I think they could do a better
job if they came out and said some of
those things. Um because it it made it
made me more friendly towards what
they're trying to do. With that being
said, I I think we
maybe not being able to see live hidden
all search terms, but they should be
able to somehow process old search terms
and open them up after a day or two when
they can see that it's not like when
they can see it's not a privacy related
issue and I don't know how they would
exactly do that but again we are
processing privacy related data when it
comes to the conversion tracking. So all
this like like all the things that come
in through conversion tracking with the
phone numbers with the names with the
email addresses that come in through
enhanced conversions they have a way of
hashing that. Isn't there a way for them
to hash identify do something in a
closed sandbox and then release anything
that's not p like that's not privacy uh
that's not a privacy concern. So I think
as a fundamental thing I think Google
needs to fix the hidden search terms. I
think they need to explain it better.
And we've seen how Google sometimes I
think does a really good job of the way
they brand and explain things and
sometimes perhaps not such a good job.
Like I think AIMAX is an example of
brilliant branding because they brought
a bunch of stuff that was already in
Google Ads that a lot of us didn't like
keywordless targeting. Google never said
those words until AIAX. Not all of us
would have hated that but all of a
sudden we like it or final URL
expansion, you know, all of a sudden
it's an AI. We're going to test it. So
Google really does a good job sometimes,
but I agree with you with other search
terms. I don't think Google has
communicated well about this. And you
know what I wish is like I get that for
my own account, you can't tell me what
the hidden search terms would be. But I
would love if Google could come out and
share some hypothetical examples of like
a kind of search that would be visible
and a related one that would not be
visible.
>> Yeah. They've never shared that, have
they? like they've never come with
they've never come with an example of
what what is a privacy
the closest thing that I've seen that
that's actually a concern is like when I
on my on my Pixel phone if I highlight
like an account number or something like
that uh then it will automatically go
into lens which means it will
automatically create a Google search for
it. I can see that's an issue. I can see
where I would be like where it would
create 50% of searches on Google uh that
advertisers would match for. So that's
something again if I choose like my kids
like driving school and then the account
number and I highlight all of it to send
it to my wife. Okay. Then I see it but
can like okay if there's a number in the
search term then it's out. Okay.
>> Well be monetizable right? Like there
shouldn't be ads on that search anyway.
Ex
>> Exactly. So like it does feed into the
whole thing with
is hidden search terms a good thing or
is it a bad thing and also what's the
performance related to them because
that's really where all this
conversation
>> came from. [snorts]
>> Yeah. And I would say like when I'm you
know I work with a mix of like I'd call
them small to mediumsiz advertisers
probably twothirds lead genen one third
ecom and I tend to see if we're using
exact match stuff maybe like 10 to 20%
of spend goes to other. If we're using
phrase match, it tends to be like 5050.
And if we're using broad match, it tends
to be like 80% hidden, 20% visible. And
it was interesting something you said
earlier. It's like, well, we can't
really do anything about it. It's like
we can't see what's in the hidden other
search terms, but it's still something I
always like to analyze because sometimes
the hidden stuff performs better than
the visible stuff. And it's like, okay,
what does that tell us? If we know that
a lot of longer tail, more specific
queries are helpful, how might that
adjust versus if we see that the hidden
stuff is performing terribly, well, you
know, do we need to adjust our bid
strategy? Do we need to look at what we
can see and add more negatives because
Google tells us negatives do affect the
hidden other stuff. Um, but the black
box is uh it's tricky. It's tricky. So,
I know earlier this week, Andrew, you
shared on LinkedIn your perspective
about kind of non-brand hidden search
terms, brand hidden search terms. I none
of us like hidden search terms
obviously, but it exists. Um,
>> do you think that it's just Google
stealing money from us or do you tend to
see it perform similarly? Like what's
your
>> your feelings about the results you're
seeing? Not the fact that it exists. It
exists, but like the results you see in
the impact. I think I think overall my
and I think you this is another thing
you and I agree on is and we'll get into
all the stuff we disagree on later I'm
sure but I think the the whole mindset
of like that that there is a core group
of people in Google working to cheat us
out of our out of our money. That's that
it's a belief I don't agree with. I
think Google is way too big for that to
happen. Is there things that they do
that I don't agree with like the KPIs
for all of their account managers to
pursue a certain adoption of PMAX and
all that stuff that can have some
adverse react adverse effects in terms
of quote unquote getting more money out
of advertisers. But fundamentally I
don't think there's an engineer sitting
at Google saying let's hide search terms
so they can go up and stuff like that. I
just I I don't think that that's the
case. So I think that argument just
needs to be thrown out. um that then
when it comes to like the performance of
hidden search terms that the the article
really really surprised me uh and
because we look at these things all the
time it's it's the good old fashion like
ever since you and I got in the industry
many many years ago you look at mobile
versus uh desktop then we used to remove
mobile because it just performed really
poorly then that became a really bad
idea then it there was also display uh
display that was associated with all
search campaigns also easy fix 50% of
spend goes away. No performance
difference whatsoever. So, we've
[clears throat] always looked at all
these different segments and we keep an
eye on it at at Savvy because it is
something we are very worried about, but
it's like it's like search partners. We
look at it maybe once a year, once a
quarter when we do something bigger just
to keep an it flagged for us before. So
I was like when I when I saw the article
and I saw the claim that that okay that
there was like a do it was pretty big
claim but like it was like 20% of spend
is just absolutely wasted. I was like
okay that's a big thing. Um because if
there is and this is where like
disagreeing and just hearing other
people's perspectives if I can remove
20% of waste to spend from our accounts
and savvy I would do it like I don't
have to agree on all these things with
hidden sources but if that's a mechanism
is that a lever I can pull I'll do it
but then when I looked in at our own
data I didn't see the same thing and
then I was like so I I know Colin who
wrote the article behind the scenes we
we've hung out several times met um so I
wrote him like call him what the f what
the fudge like like what are you doing?
Uh and and he then pointed me to the
article like did you read it? I was like
no I just read the headline like
everybody else. Uh and then I went in
and I was like they actually they say it
themselves once they pull out branded
search terms it's not it's a non-issue.
It's the same performance on hidden
versus non-hidden. Um
>> pull it out away.
>> Pardon?
>> I want Oh my screen blanked out.
>> Oh no. You're still here. We got you.
Okay, that's good. But it's it was it
was a performance difference between so
between at the non-brand side, there was
no issue whatsoever, which I thought was
really
>> hidden invisible, right? It was about
the same row. Yeah.
>> So that's the same thing we see. And
again, this is e-commerce DTOC uh
e-commerce, so there's no issues and
with plenty of data and stuff like that.
So, I just I I think it's it's one of
those things that a lot of people will
take that and use the argument that
something is completely wrong instead of
going in and saying, "Okay, there's
actually nothing wrong." Then there's
Anthony uh who does uh he does law
marketing for lawyers. He's absolutely
like he's screwed. Like it's it's a huge
issue. And like another example was like
somebody paying $500 for a a competitor
term like $500 CBC for a competitor
term. How many of those are are in the
hidden search terms? So, I think it's an
issue, but I think for 80% of
advertisers out there, it's not like
it's not really an issue. It's not the
biggest
>> issue. You look at it like you look at
anything else to your point, right? Like
the one thing I do really like about the
headline, it made us all think and talk,
which I think is great for our industry
and it'll probably cause a lot of
advertisers who didn't even know about
this to go check their search terms
report and look. I think that's a great
takeaway, but it doesn't mean action is
needed.
>> No. And I and I think like it's it's
it's it's
like it's like it's it's like all of
LinkedIn. It's so sensationalist like
like like just calm down everybody. Like
it's it's with like a lot of things.
Just it's not that bad. We're talking
about keywords to ads, landing pages,
and then we need to fix some things. And
and that's that's Google ads. Like you
know, I've been in the industry long
enough that that's basically it. And
then there are some people and I like I
made a post like a week ago on Twitter
about like there's this famous uh PPC
influ
PBC influencer uh doesn't do any PBC. Um
and there were a lot of a lot of
suggestions. There's a lot of hate for
some a lot of PBC influencers out there.
Nobody guessed it right. So that's a
that's a fun thing. But it's just like
some of these things just doesn't matter
when you're actually hands-on with
accounts. And that's what I think I
wanted to highlight the most with the
hidden search terms. It's not that big.
Like look at it, but it's not that big
of a deal. Move on everybody. Move on.
Don't take the fight with Google. You
can't like we we can highlight it. We've
seen things work when we say to them
many times. I can say I can say for a
fact we're not getting full search term
data back unless they can do something
with with with their AI models that can
unclassify things. But other than we're
not getting it's a drum we need to stop
beating because we're not getting it.
>> I'm with you. And actually something
that happened a year or two ago was you
used to so you used to see all search
terms and then there was a time where
you could only see search terms if you
got at least one click on the search
term and then this change happened where
we got a ton more search term visibility
where you can now see some searches even
if you only got one impression and no
clicks. So it's this and
>> do you look at them do you look at at at
impressions without like search terms
without clicks? Do you do you
>> when I look at a search terms report I
sort of descending by impressions. So
sometimes we might see a search term
that had like 200 impressions and no
clicks and that's the reason I sort it
that way and in that circumstance you
can add it as a negative but often I'm
like no action is needed because by the
time I'm looking at this a week later
smart bidding has learned and so that
was the other thing I was going to say
if like usually when I see hidden other
search terms being a problem it's for
like smaller budget lead generation
advertisers where a conversion in Google
ads is not a real business conversion
which is why this is an issue. So, like
the problem isn't hidden search terms,
that's the symptom of the fact that
you're using smart bidding towards an
action that's not the real action. And
this is why I think it's not as much of
an issue in e-commerce because you're
using a purchase money in hand. And so,
while initially you may see hidden
stuff, initially you may see some search
terms that don't do well, by the time
you go to try to add it as a negative or
whack it into submission, like smart
bidding has learned and it's going to
move on because it wants to achieve your
objective. And so that's the root cause
to come to either offline conversion
tracking or smart bidding rather than a
symptom which is hidden search terms.
>> And people people will fight you on what
you just said that like that the smart
can
figure it out like I I do agree like
like to a certain extent smart bing
figures out and I'll say the same thing
and then there is like 10 15 20% where
it's just this is just bad. Again, if
you and again, we go back to if we're
going to see half the search terms, we
should like there shouldn't be a huge
difference between what we see and then
what we are otherwise matched with. It's
not like there should be like if we
we're advertising for shoes, then we'll
see shoes generally. Okay, that might be
a very broad suggestion. Let's say we we
have like uh slim notepads,
>> okay?
>> Then we'll see search terms for slim
notepads. It's not going to if it gets
expanded over to something else which
we'll talk about with broad match in a
bit. If this gets expanded then into
something completely horrible it will
also see it in the visible search terms.
So like I don't believe that there is a
completely different type of hidden
search terms that just don't perform at
all or that Google is hiding some
expansions into there. Google's doing a
good job on highlighting with AI max
what is AI max match side with smart
bidding exploration which I would love
to talk about later as well because
people are starting to hate on that that
really really quickly. Um then it's it's
just they're adding a lot of
transparency and they need to get some
credit for that.
Yeah. I I just think just you should be
able to see kind of the search of your
hitting and if you is there something
that's not working like if you're
selling posters you will get a lot of
impressions and clicks for people just
searching for dinosaurs if you have a
dinosaur poster with figurines with all
it happens and Google doesn't really
know to completely remove it because
it's a very low CPC you get a lot of
traffic from it seems to and the CTR is
high so it seems they have some
indicators that you should be visible
for this search term and that's where we
can go any go and we know we're not
supposed to be here but that's in the
that's that is visible and if I remove
dinosaur there I'll remove dinosaur from
elsewhere too.
And there's 18 different ways to counter
counter counter argue what I just said
but as fundamental I don't think is a
bigger nature
>> and it's also you know moving into kind
of broad match and AI max the whole
point of that is that the smart bidding
assuming you're using it with smart
bidding is going to look at the user's
query but also everything else it knows
about that user. So, for your dinosaur
poster example, like it's possible that
yesterday the person was searching for
posters. Today, they just type in
dinosaur. Google knows, but you don't.
That right before that they were on your
competitor's website looking at dinosaur
posters and then they came to Google and
just searched dinosaur. So, you would
want to show them an ad in that specific
situation. Now, is that going to be
every single situation? No. But I say
that to say, especially, you know, as
Google talked about a GML, we're moving
from like keyword query matching to
intent matching and intent predicting,
um, you're going to start to see even
more search terms with broad match. And
especially with AI Max that you're like,
I would have never put that in as a
keyword. And it's like, yeah, that's the
point. If you want to grow your account,
>> that's the point. But you pair it with
smart bidding, it's going to do some
dumb stuff. Like smart bidding starts as
dumb bidding. We all start dumb when
we're born. We learn and we grow. Uh but
it's hard to have the patience to do
that. And it's a complete reversal of
how we all did this 10 years ago for
those of us who are doing this 10 years
ago.
>> Completely. And this you may like it's
only going to get worse with with AI.
Like one of the things that I think we
[clears throat] all agree on is that
with AI we're going to get a lot more
context and and Google is already using
that context. Like this is what you
searched for before. This is the pages
that you visited. So your search how how
commercial is your search? how how
likely are you to buy something? And
that's I've always been a little bit
after Google on this front because I
think they should do a better job
showing that that there's something
there that hey, these guys have visited
something before. These are a higher
search intent. This is why the CPC is
higher. This is why this I think because
the data is there and I would love for
them to show it and I say it every
single time I meet them. Can you just
give me a report that shows all these
things? When you bit higher, when you do
this, then then you do more. And I
[laughter]
when they when I say it, they just like
you give me a wireframe, you give me a
mockup, Andrew, of what you want of how
you want me to how you want to show
that. Um, so they they've definitely
thought about it. Uh, but they think
it's a very difficult job to do.
>> We do get a bit of it like the insights
tab in performance max. I think I've
also seen it in shopping before. They'll
show you like which audience segments
you overindex for. Max, they just added
the um personas. They'll show like
certain creative resonates with certain
audience. So like we get a bit of it,
you know, I get more than we used to.
That
>> you should. But I just I would love to
get more like love to get more. Uh I
would love to get more. But it also like
if if if the conversation starts
becoming like how many of the old manual
things we used to do are still important
and one of those things is negative
keywords versus uh the effect of it is
really getting
really low because it's getting really
hard to figure out what's the intent
behind the search. Um, so I just like I
we we we sell we have a client that
sells accessories or jewelry for men.
And one of the first things when we took
over the account was we had a
conversation around search and should
all keywords be combined with for men
because they were like yeah of course
and I was like yeah but then there's
suspenders
like 90% of of people searching for that
are men ties men. So no then we're
limiting the account. Then the
conversation started going around. Okay,
what about earrings?
Yeah, that's like when 80% of people
search for earrings are probably women.
We should then we need to have have the
qualifier in there. And then there was
what about titanium earrings? What about
steel? Like what when does a term by its
intent and of itself actually become a
men's search instead of a unisex search
versus a a female search? So, and I
think there's there's a really good
relation over the negative keywords on
that because you can overly add negative
keywords today and especially in the AI
world if you go this is just a negative
I shouldn't show here. I the video I did
right before this was like was a said in
nicely terms. So, it was a critique of
one of the LinkedIn comments or get uh
uh strategies and one of the things was
like add negative keywords every 48
hours. I was like that's a bad idea.
That's a really really really bad idea.
But there's still people who do that.
And I think just like really trying to
relax the algorithm and this goes back
to old oldfashioned thing. Add the right
data. Let the automation run. Remove the
10 20% that that you can see is
absolutely absolutely garbage. Uh but
then like don't think you know it all.
There is also value in a click and this
is where you and I are going to start
different because like the value for a
click for small advertiser is really
different from somebody trying to push
into 100 or five or a million K or a
million a month and spend.
>> Totally. It totally is. And it's sort
of, you know, what we're both getting at
is um that now with all these whether
it's AI targeting, AI creative, it is
like leading from the front with the
right data rather than like swatting
from behind with the negatives and the
exclusions and the whatever. But
actually something I learned from you. I
think it was one of your YouTube videos,
but it could have been at friends of
search was you talked about removing
negative keywords, how you had this
client. Could you tell us that story
because I've since done this with
clients and it's been great and I would
love for you to explain what you did and
what you found.
>> So it comes back to the way that a lot
of people have worked with negative
keywords over the years and especially
agencies will have certain processes
that everybody follow. And one of those
processes uh that that is a leftover
from a long time ago. I used to I used
to kind of do it, but but I never really
bought into it being a thing, but it's
it's the whole thing about keyword
cannibalization.
So you have [snorts] you have
[clears throat] the search term in you
have the keyword in so you have the
keyword Nike running shoes and you have
the keyword Adidas running shoes and you
exclude
Adidas from the Nike campaign and this
whole thing. That's a bad example, but
you're still running
>> keyword sculpting is what I've heard of
called.
>> Yeah, keyword sculpting. Uh I've always
called it cannibalization.
And there's many different levels of
doing this. There is doing it like that.
So you just add any keyword that has an
exact match in as a negative reversed
and you also do it in your dynamic
search ads campaign. You take every
single live keyword that you have and
you put as a negative in dynamic search
ads. You force it over to there. There
is some meaning to the madness and I can
argue for why partially it's a good
idea. uh but fundamentally it just
limits the the campaigns completely. If
a keyword or search term is shown in
dynamic search ads or is showing up for
a different uh different keyword for
whatever reason then fundamentally it
means that the ad rank for the keyword
that you have is too low. that means
your quality score is too low or there's
some historical data that means it's
wrong and the result of you ne negating
or adding negative keywords in the rest
of your campaign means that you're
trying to force this low ad rank keyword
to show and it's not supposed to show.
So it won't show and that means that
you're basically just eliminating the
account. In some places it's 5% some
places as much as 10 20 30%. and and
there's this one agency we keep taking
accounts from and we do the same thing
every time and we get a 50% increase
year-over-year when we remove [laughter]
the the negative keywords the first
thing we do every single time. So it it
it's really going back and saying we
trust Google's algorithms and we trust
the automation, we trust smart bidding
to figure out what should we bid for,
what should we not bid for. And again
there there's some there there's some
method to the madness. So if you
completely remove all negatives from an
account that's been overly structured
with negatives, it's going to release
like this. So you want to have okay
budget set in place that's not my
traditional like double triple quadruple
10x the daily spend which I sometimes
like to do but just like 20% higher than
what you normally spend. Maybe use some
max CPC limits in your portfolios just
to just to say okay don't go absolutely
crazy here but you kind of lean into it.
You can also just delete 10 20% of the
negative keywords per week so you don't
release completely and draw too much
inefficiency because there there's of
course some inefficiency in there but
the amount of accounts that we've taken
in the last year maybe five and again we
don't take more than eight accounts in a
year maybe five five of those eight have
all had all negative negative keywords
removed and all have outperformed after
which is interesting. Yeah, it's
amazing. And I saw this. So, there's a
client I was working with who um smaller
kind of Etsy shop owner who launched
their Shopify store and they had a bunch
of negatives in there and um and so I
saw your video and happened to meet them
the next day and I was like, you know
what, just remove the negatives. Just
remove the negatives and see what
happens, right? And what happened is
they started serving ads on all kinds of
competitor search terms. Like if they
were Adidas, all of a sudden Nike
running shoes, Lululemon running started
coming in and it converted really well.
[laughter]
and they were surprised. And so then we
met, you know, a month later and we
looked like their conversions had gone
up, their rorowaz had gone up,
everything had moved in the right
direction just by removing all these
negatives. And looking at the search
terms, we saw, guess what? You do really
well when people are searching for
competitors. Obviously, didn't perform
the same as their own brand, but it
performed just as any other non-brand
search terms would. And that was a great
learning. And it was because they had an
assumption. I shouldn't bid on
competitors. And it's like well actually
>> and another aspect of it is so so
there's one aspect was the keyword
sculpting or cannibalization. There's
also just like what didn't work a year
ago might work today. Like especially in
e-commerce like if if like there's like
I I everybody agrees offplatform
optimizations again prices, product
pages, etc. Just as important as what
you do in the platform,
[clears throat] but if there's something
like like if [laughter] you in Europe,
we have a lot of stores that sell a lot
of different like that's a that are
resellers. few of them in the US just in
general because it's all Amazon over
here. But
if you're a reseller and like you have
10 blenders, then the keyword blender is
not going to work. You're not going to
like as soon as you don't have the right
to hit a keyword that early in the
funnel. So you're not it's not going to
work. So you're going to exclude it. But
a year later, if you've expanded to 50
or 100 or 200, then you can suddenly hit
that that keyword and it will perform
for you. Try keeping track of that.
there's like this it makes no sense. So,
so like working with negatives as well.
So, a removing them once a year makes
sense to try, but there's also just like
categorizing your negatives. So, in in
one account, we have a peak over the
summer and we're saying we have peak
negative keywords and we have uh low
season uh negative keywords.
>> So, during peak we only leave the
negative keyword list that what we call
they're complete irrelevant. They sell
categories we don't like it's category
searches we don't sell. It is some is
agreements with competitors we shouldn't
be bidding for completely. But outside
that we have a low season where if this
didn't perform in low season like then
we we still let it spend over peak
because everything does better at peak.
And this is like the same thing like it
used to be the trick with like mobile
adjustment mobile bid adjustment back in
manual on Black Friday and in Christmas.
Just just remove it. just let it let it
flow. Performance was amazing because
nobody did the same thing. They were
just like overall change their beds. So
it's [snorts] the same thing here like
when it's peak whether or not it's a
seasonal peak to your industry or if it
is something related to Black Friday
Christmas so it's more of an overall
peak release release everything you'll
see everything just starts converting
better. What didn't work a year or six
months ago will suddenly start working.
And then there's a trick. How do you
actually implement the negative keywords
again if you have to? Do you say, "Okay,
this is just now we do a fresh start."
Or do you apply the negative keyword
list again afterwards?
I I go either way. I like to think about
like accounts as peace time versus
wartime.
[laughter]
>> Have you ever heard that term?
>> Um well, when I worked at Google, we
used to call it a war room, but then
that was not um politically correct. So,
it changed to a win room. Now they're
called win rooms.
So I I I say sorry if if if if you have
some headroom in your in your grow in
your performance and you're basically
doing good, you're profitable, then
you're at peace time, then remove too
many negatives, too many like too um
restricting the system is a bad thing.
However, if I am losing money, if we are
not doing well, if we're unprofitable,
then you take then you remove all the
all all the waste that you can find. You
remove it. uh and you okay you say okay
I also lose out on 10 or 20% of of top
revenue of the scale but I'm not trying
to scale right now I'm just trying to
make it profitable so we I like to think
of it a p as peace time and war time how
to how do I actually do it
>> growth time and steady state time maybe
would be our nonwar language way to say
it no what I like it's true different
times whatever if you're in the roofing
industry right like the summer and the
winter are really going to be different
for you Um, I was just on a coaching
call with someone whose clients are in
like a medical field and I didn't know
but in that specific medical field
there's huge seasonality changes and it
doesn't always just mean Black Friday,
Cyber Monday for retailers. Lots of
different industries can have different
way, you know, apps have different
seasonality. Gyms have different
seasonality, you know, and it's
important to to keep that in mind and
and allocate budget accordingly
throughout the year.
>> I wanted to talk about broad match.
>> Let's talk about broad match. What do
you want to say? We haven't disagreed
yet, Andrew. I'm a little bit
disappointed. [laughter]
>> It's because I'm being fair today.
>> You're being We disagree when you're not
being fair. Uh oh. I always have to
catch you at the end of the day on a
Friday.
>> I wanted to like show a report because
there's a lot of that there's a lot
there's a lot of people that go out and
they talk about broad match
>> as if it's like absolutely magical.
>> Um, and it's the key to growing accounts
and stuff like that. And I wanted to let
me just uh let me just
>> Yeah, you hit the share button and I'll
put it on screen for us.
>> image file. Share screen.
>> You know what? I'm going to share
my
snag it and I'll put some screenshots in
there.
>> Okay.
>> Just because then I don't have to show
client name.
>> Excellent. So, can I add this to the
screen right now? What you're sharing?
>> Yes.
So,
let me see if I can just get it. No,
wait. That's There you go. Okay,
>> then it's a little bit better bigger.
Um, so what we're looking at here is the
typical report you you pull out out of
Google Ads. You say, "Okay, we have uh
the keyword match type. This is the
report a lot of people will will go and
look at overall for the entire account.
Uh, I've excluded brand terms here. And
you'll go exact match, phrase match,
broad match, and you'll see broad match
spends the most.
And basically
>> pretty similar across all of them.
>> Yeah, they're pretty similar which is
surprising. Uh but ROS is also pretty
similar. So this will if if you just
look at this on the surface it'll go
like hey third of our spend a little bit
like maybe even a little bit higher is
actually going to broadband broad is
really working and this is like a lot of
things in PBC if you don't look deeper
you miss things. There's such a thing as
search terms match type. And again, it
goes back into when we talk about search
terms uh and hidden search terms. But in
this report, can I remove this?
No. There we go. There we go. Is it too
small for people to see?
>> I don't know. If anybody work clients,
they need to use snag it. So they can do
like this.
>> Huh, that's cool.
>> And then you can do this and then your
screenshots much simpler. So this is the
search term match type report. So the
difference here is that the one looks at
a keyword match type and this look at a
search terms match type. So if and this
is really what it shows is that you're
seeing that 80
more like 60% of the spend goes to the
exact match exact match exact match
term.
>> Can I explain for a moment before you
continue?
>> Yeah, explain explain explain.
>> Sure. So the search term matchup is when
you look at your search term report.
Let's say you have a broad match keyword
of Google ads course. Okay. If someone
searches Google ads course that would be
considered an exact match. Even though
your search your keyword is in broad
match the user search exactly matches.
Whereas if the user searches for um
learn Google Ads, that would probably be
considered an exact match close variant
to your broad match keyword, Google Ads
course. Whereas someone searches um
Facebook ads login, [laughter]
that would probably be a broad match
match to your broad match keyword. So
what we're looking at here is not the
match type of your keyword, but how
Google determines your search terms
matched to your keywords. Back to you,
Andrew.
>> Exactly. And that's the that's that's
the point when people say hey when
because I can definitely see when you
look at the first report and you go hey
broad match is spending 40% of the
spending account and the rorowaz is
pretty good like why should we do
anything about it and it's super
important so you can kind of start
assuming like we need broad match to
scale we need broad match to do this
this and that but when you actually look
at okay if you didn't have broad match
you would have hit 90% of the same
search terms anyways in this case it's
performing like we want it's like I
don't want to remove it. It's like again
I'm not saying anything negative about
it's just knowing what what you're
supposed to do in the right time then
really works because I'm I'm happy with
a 5x return on broad match that extra
scale and what it hits there. I'm I'm
I'm happy. I'm I have no issue
whatsoever. The one thing I did on this
account on top of this is I went and I
looked at it on a campaign level.
Some campaigns the roles was like 1x on
broad match. So really removing it in
those cases made sense. Also looking at
what what keywords actually resulted in
a good broad match match so to speak. Um
so I think just looking one step deeper
when we talk about broad match when we
talk about search we talk about all
these things is really really valuable
because otherwise we'll end up just
thinking that hey this is what moves the
needle and if I've done this ah now it
works.
It's broad match can work definitely but
phrase match and like we all complain
about how phrase and exact match are
really really aggressive today with
their matching you don't like broad
match is really broad and that goes the
whole conversation over into AI max
>> what will AI max bring to the table and
how does it change the campaign
structure that we need to think about
moving forward
>> it's interesting before we get there I'm
someone who like up until let's call it
2018 18 I was a phrase match girly cuz
I'm like let's start with phrase and
then based on what we see we can either
loosen up to broad tighten up to exact
but phrase is sort of our like in the
middle goldilocks and now I'm like
exactly I barely use phrase because I'm
like either I want as much control as
Google will give me which exact match
does only to a point of course because
of closed variance or I want to leverage
the addition additional signals and
contextual cues that broad match has
when paired with smart bidding that
phrase match does not have. So for me, I
don't tend to use phrase match anymore.
But where I like to use this view you're
showing right now, especially with
smaller clients, is we'll look at the
search terms report. We'll look at, you
know, the top 50 by impressions and
we'll just eyeball that that match type
column and see like is most of our stuff
coming from close varants or the keyword
itself. Is most of it coming from more
broader phrase matches or exact matches?
And that's how we can help determine if
we're using broad match, do we want to
stay there or do we want to narrow or
vice versa? If we're using exact match,
you know, are we getting a lot of close
variance or not? Like it can help you
figure out how to expand or potentially
restrict. I've never looked at this
report view though like on a macro view
on uh the whole thing. And it is really
interesting to see. And so in this
circumstance, you're saying even though
the broad match is a much smaller
portion of spend and does have a lower
rorowaz, it still meets your goals. And
it's kind of like if you had erased that
row, like if you had just not had the
broad match, you would have gotten a
similar amount of revenue for a higher
rorowaz, but the slightly lower rorowaz
is acceptable to you for the incremental
revenue you're able to get as a result,
right?
>> Yep. I'm I'm very I'm I'm very happy
with it. Uh so it's a you're you're spot
on. You're spot on.
>> And so have you been experimenting with
smart bidding exploration at all?
Because that's exactly what smart
bidding exploration was designed for.
So, this is actually where it starts
getting really interesting. So,
>> I thought it was already interesting.
So, now I'm extra excited.
>> So, I've tested it and outside of a
couple days where this just didn't work
at all. It like shut off my account or
shut off the campaigns. It was really
really weird. But,
>> got to love [snorts] the betas.
The the thing to look at here and and
this is a kind of an interesting case
because we
so the one thing to look at is the drop
down that's come in that's called unique
search categories and then you can look
at it whether or not it's with
conversions, clicks or impressions.
That's really where you try to find out
how much net new uh are is is smart bing
try to find in this case.
>> Can I pause you for one just to make
sure I understand because this is all
very new. So the red line is showing
your campaign, what it was getting, what
it would have gotten, and then the blue
line, Google is showing you what it got
from the smart spinning exploration.
>> No, in this case, we're doing average
target ROS. So basically what the target
ROS was, that's
>> okay. Which you changed through the
period.
>> Yeah. And then the blue one is uh is how
many unique search categories we're
hitting. And whole the whole thing of
smart bidding exploration is that when
we enable that it should chase more
unique. We're we're allowing it to say
okay you can hit overall 10% lower
rowers in this period which means that
basically you can spend 10% of the
budget and get no return worst case
scenario. that that's what we started
and the re the way we we we manage this
a ton with just increasing and
decreasing targets all the time to try
to say hey go out and find data
>> restrict restrict go and find data
restrict restrict restrict so smart
bidding exploration for me is amazing
it's it's a better way than what it did
before because what we did before it
would potentially once you uh make turn
decrease your target ros D like we can
see here the target rows is decreased
and it goes up in the unique search
categories, but it will also increase
the bids for your existing what I call
search categories or segments. It will
increase the bids because it can and
sometimes it's just a bad idea,
>> but we wanted to go explore and that's
what smart bidding exploration does.
[snorts] And I thought this was really
interesting because we went in and we
actually decreased the raw target quite
significantly from 500 to 400
um here and it
did increase the unique search
categories or the same time we enable
smart bidding exploration with 10%.
That's what the green line down here
shows. But then we started slowly
increasing the target rows again and we
can see that it actually didn't drop the
unique search categories until we
started going back to 500 conversion 500
uh% target rows and the question is then
which we need to wait another week have
is there anything with the conversions
that were still pending like is the
conversion like from last week in
completely so there's there's still some
data that's pending but the initial data
when we look at also different accounts
is kind of the same thing Smart bidding
exploration, it does impact the amount
of unique search categories you're
getting, which for the right case can be
lethal because like I say a lot,
lowering your ROS target doesn't mean
necessarily that you lower your actual
ROA because if Google during a peak
season, like I have a client that sells
swimwear right now, we're going to get a
lot of swimware stuff in like and the
more we tell it, hey, go explore, then
the next search term is more likely to
actually perform really well than it is
to perform poorly. So the ROS can
actually be quite high even though we
lower the rows. The same thing with
smart bidding exploration.
So all the people and that's kind of
like I don't want to pull up this one
but like because then you can people can
see the name but like I saw on LinkedIn
already people are already being really
negative on smart bing exploration. It's
just stealing. It's just taking money
away. It's just wasting your budget.
It's just and all that is correct if you
don't use it correctly. Like all these
features are just use it at the right
time for the right purpose. Just like
new customer acquisition, just like all
those other tools and features we have
available, they're really really good at
the right time. But if you try to enable
smart bidding exploration
when you're going out of peak or in a
low season is a really bad idea.
>> It's a great point. And you know when
smart bidding exploration I actually
found the help center article the week
before GML. I was like what the heck is
this? And then they talked about a GML
and I had a really hard time wrapping my
head around how is this different from
just lowering your target rorowaz. And
so you mentioned it here and I feel like
I understand it better now. So I just
want to put a fine point on that because
it's such a nuance. So first of all,
smart bending exploration only for
search only for target rorowaz at least
for now. So like if you have a search
campaign on target rorowaz then you
could even start doing it. And what you
said that I just want to highlight it's
a really great way to think about it is
if you lower your rorowaz target that
lowers your rorowaz across everything
Google is currently doing for you and
can affect your performance on
everything. Whereas if you keep your
rorowaz target where it is, turn on
smart bidding exploration to a lower
rorowaz, then Google just keeps you
doing what you're doing that's working
well and then just in this exploration
part test new stuff which could work
well, which could work terribly without
impacting this stuff at all. Uh, and so
that
>> I see it's a it's such a nuance like try
explaining that to a small business
owner [laughter]
>> because I was the same with everybody
else when I was like how is this
different from lowering the target and
and and somebody explained it to me and
like well this is how it works. That
nuance is just so important to
understand with smart bidding
exploration because the way a lot of
people will use it is they'll just
enable it and say hey this is exploring
>> and then over time they'll see their
like if they put on 20% exploration
then their 500% ROS will go down to 400%
and over time they will start increasing
that ROS target to 600% to 750 and oh
now we hit the smart B just not hitting
my ROS target that's not how it works.
So, and we [clears throat] have a lot of
history on people using seasonal bit
adjustments or maximum CPCs like this uh
where they just they override the system
too much and the same thing here. But
understanding the nuance and using it at
specific times uh when I talked to
Google uh Google like the product uh
product managers for smart bidding
exploration in Google when we're
[clears throat] at Mountain View, they
all said don't don't keep it on forever.
That's not it's not intended to keep
like be an always on thing because then
it it basically doesn't do much. You
want like you want to turn it on and off
because I I was like why not just keep
it on all the time but they were like no
it's then it does then the algorithm
doesn't work the way you want it to and
stuff like just like enable it once in a
while and it'll be more impactful. That
also brings me down to like some of my
one of my core issues with broad match
and search terms and all that. Sometimes
there are no more searches to get at.
That's that's just a fact. Like if if if
people are searching for Google Ads
agency, then we have Google Ads agency,
we have Google Ads Consultant, we have
Google Ads Management, Google Ads
Optimizes, blah. We have five keywords
or something like that that people can
search for. That's why they're $100 per
click. And the same thing with lawyers.
Like it's just there aren't that many
things to search for. And smart bidding
exploration, broad match, etc. cannot
find you more searches if you're already
targeting the right searches. But having
the right tools like the search terms
report like the smart like knowing like
how many unique search categories you
get when you do these things is all
tools we can use to actually see do we
get net new or we just doing the same
thing we've always done.
>> It's such a great point. I was on a
coaching call last week with a new
client and agency and it was so
interesting because we were looking
through the accounts and they're saying
this client really wants to grow. They
were on a maximize I think it was
maximize clicks when maximize
conversions and they're like we want to
grow and when we increase the budget we
just have higher CPCs with no more
conversions but you know we need to grow
and I was like well what's the search
impression share we added the search
impression share column it was 90%
search impression share for nonbrand
search and so I was like look this is
why like max clicks max conversions
target CPA it doesn't even matter what
bid strategy you use you have 90%
impression share like there you have
reached all the people searching like
there are real people in the real world
who are typing things into Google and
you're reaching them all
>> and you're reaching every variation of
them with all your variants of hidden
search terms and it's like you've
covered the opportunity there is no
money to spend here you've saturated the
pie and then we talked about what do you
then do right if you've saturated the
pie and then it's like okay you need to
find a new pie a new pot to a new oven
to put your pie I don't know I'll stop
with the analogy there or you need to
like expand into demand genen or
something reach people before they're
searching. Use custom segments, but like
there's only so many searches to be had
and at a certain point trying to spend
more and more and more money in the same
place. Yeah, you just drive up your
CPCs.
I and I assume there's a lot of
consultants listening to this like like
freelancers and stuff and and I've I I
speak I speak with a lot of them and and
I get the like sometimes I get the
question, what am I supposed to do in
this situation? Well, we're hitting
everything. That's what you're supposed
to explain to your client.
Like like that's knowledge. You knowing
that you can't do anymore and telling
them they need to go on a different
channel or a different campaign type. Uh
I don't think demand gen works for 99%
of people, but that's another thing. But
I like [laughter]
but it's just the whole thing like just
sometimes you like just know that you've
tapped out and know that there's no more
you can do here. Then we can go off to
offplatform optimizations or [snorts]
just be happy. Like we sometimes in
Savage say tell clients like hey we are
at the top of the we cannot get any more
out here. So either you need to get more
categories, you need more products, more
brands in there or we just go into
maintenance mode six months, 9 months a
year on our fee, then our fee is lower.
We'll keep it at a maintenance
maintenance level and then when you guys
are ready to grow again, then let's do
it. Then all of a sudden Google will
throw smart bidding exploration AI max
and all this stuff ahead and then like
okay now we need to start doing some
things again. But like as a consultant,
being able to explain to the advertiser
what is actually going on is such an
underrated skill today because most
people can't do it. It's just
Do you do you agree that there's a
learning period with smart bidding?
>> That smart bidding has a learning
period. No, I think that's BS on Google.
>> I agree. I agree. I agree. It's an old
thing. It's an old thing. It's a meta
thing. It's
>> always learning.
>> There's there's no such thing. So like
like I can't tell you how many agencies,
how many freelancers will just say like
well it's in learning mode. We can't
change it. We don't need to do anything.
Like no like explain what's happening.
Explain what's going on. Explain why
smart bidding is bidding higher. Explain
why it's spinning lower.
>> Do things explain how many sources are
available. Explain seasonality. Explain.
I think this is why it's something I say
to a lot of my um I coach quite a few
agencies and freelancers as well and
often I say you know agencies don't lose
clients because of Google Ads
performance. Agencies lose clients
because of poor communication. And
that's why you can have certain agencies
that like don't know what the f they're
doing, but they're very proactive with
the client and they'll suggest new
things and they'll communicate well and
they respond in a time and they're
professional to work with and they keep
that client for a long time. And then
you can have another agency who like
does the best work and is super
innovative and all this stuff, but
doesn't explain it well, forwards, you
know, a 10page Looker Studio dashboard
with a million numbers, doesn't respond
to emails quickly, whatever, and they'll
lose the client. And I I think people
wish that weren't true, but I've seen it
so many times, I mean, when I worked at
Google and since working at Google, that
like the agencies who keep their clients
are not necessarily the ones with the
best Google ad skills, it's the ones
with the best communication skills. And
so if you have the Google ad skills and
the communication skills, then like
you're printing money. You're not
worrying about, you know, your agency
business right now. But I think that's
counterintuitive for a lot of people.
>> I have so so I I used to I I founded a a
big agency. We're 150 people, 80 in PBC
or 70, 60 something and 20 in SEO or
something like that.
So you know me, I'm I'm a product
person. I know Google ads really really
well. And we had like eight different
teams, eight different team leads. And
it was funny to see how they were
different. So some are really really
like product. They're good at the
product. They were good at Google ads
and they generally do a good job. Then
maybe communication was not that good.
And then there was the people who really
bad at Google ads like surprisingly bad
when I looked at I was like embarrassed.
Um but their communication skills were
super high. They like those people would
have clients write me and say, "You guys
tried your best. Google Ads is not for
me." And then I looked at the account
and I was like [laughter]
this that's not that's not why this is
Google can't work for you. You just need
to get somebody who actually knows what
they're doing here. And that's again
that's a problem with big agencies. But
I I see the same thing like just in
general like
if you're really good at what we do just
you need to be good at explaining it
like like it it has to come in there. Uh
but I I do think that there's too many
like there's too many bad agencies out
there today. Uh there always have been
like ever since we sold click packages
10 years ago or 15 years ago like there
always has been. So there's nothing new
there but
>> and that's every industry right?
>> Yeah it's every industry. Plumbers also
suck. Lawyers also suck. My lawyer the
other day didn't send something to the
court even though we asked him have you
sent. So there's people everywhere.
That's horrible
>> everywhere. Okay. Before I let you go
over there to Andrew we haven't
explicitly talked about AI Max yet. So,
have you tested AIAX for search
campaigns? Any thoughts to share? What
do you think?
>> So, my thinking on AIAX goes back and
forth a bit. So, I I on the surface I
think it's just dynamic search ads on
steroids and that's what it is. Um, but
it is unless you use broad match, it is
the only way to get into AI mode and AI
overview ads and it's been explicitly
stated in the release documents in
documentation and by Google. So that's
not me guessing. It is just what it is.
So
outside of running broad match, you have
to run AIAX.
I have a for from an e-commerce
perspective, that's where I give it the
most thought. I fundamentally don't like
dynamic search ads or in this case a max
in my existing campaigns because it
means that an a landing page for Adidas
running shoes can target Adidas. It can
target running shoes. It can target
shoes for whatever. It can target
different keywords I don't want want it
to target. So if I only focus on let's
say branded keywords Adidas,
Nike, etc., etc., and I've paused my
other keywords because they don't work
for me, then all of a sudden AMX or the
search ads can start spending for it. So
all of a sudden, I'm starting to go
like, ah, this is not this is not what I
want. So, I am I am I go really back and
forth on it whether or not I think it's
a good idea or not. Uh, fundamentally I
don't have a big problem with it, but
let me just see. I have I'm not
remembering my thoughts right now. I had
some thoughts. I'm just pulling them up
right now.
>> Yeah, while you're collecting your
thoughts, I'll share a bit of my
thoughts. I agree with you. I think for
e-commerce advertisers, like you already
do keyword list targeting. That's
shopping. Shopping is keyword lists. And
in a way like shopping is final URL
expansion sort of like you have all your
different products that you want in your
feed and there's no specific keywords
there. Google figures it out from your
feed and and then the assets like is the
shopping ad generated for I don't know
if they're kind of already there. I see
a lot more utility for lead genen
advertisers or B2B advertisers because
AI Max is going to flex into these other
searches that you may not have
otherwise. Um but it's interesting. It's
like the keywordless targeting is stage
one. And then if you turn on keywordless
targeting, you have the option for
automatically created assets. And if you
turn on automatically created assets,
you also have the option for fond URL
expansion. So the couple of coaching
clients I've seen who've used it, they
like it. They say it pulls it like it's
not pulling in anything surprising
search term wise. It's like, oh,
competitor terms, oh, single word
keywords, you know. Um, but from the few
clients I've seen who testing it, it's
stuff they wouldn't have advertised on
anywise. It's bringing enough
conversions at a good enough cost that
they're willing to keep it on. Is it
going to be perfect for everyone? No.
Uh, but just like you were saying with
Smart Bending Exploration earlier, I
know it's one more opportunity. If
you're maxed out and you want to expand
and you want to grow, it's a tool to do
that.
>> So now I remember my thoughts and I
agree I agree with everything you just
said. I think the the the biggest
thoughts around so a a max most of us is
going to have to enable it in search in
order to get into the AI mode and AI
over your ad. So with that being said I
don't think we get out of it outside if
you do broad match which that's a
discussion of itself but I I think you
don't get out of using AIAX
I my overall thing I think the the text
gen the the the new text assets I don't
think that that's I don't think that's
wise to enable yet. So, I think that's a
setting, that's a feature to remove.
Unless you don't touch your accounts a
lot. If you never touch and optimize
your ads, then just adding any new
assets will be a good idea. And the way
the responsive search ads work and
everything, you're most likely not going
to have a super bad experience. And
again, if you are the kind of brand or
kind of business that could get really
hurt with writing the wrong thing,
you're not supposed to enable it anyways
and you're supposed to be much more on
top of it. But if you're a little a
little plumber in Boisee, Idaho, or if
you are some kind of DDC brand, nobody
cares if it's for a couple of
impressions wrote something completely
idiotic. Um, if it doesn't work, if
doesn't get a CTR, if it doesn't
convert, then it it will go down the
ranks and will not be shown.
>> So, I don't think that's a that's a huge
thing. I just don't think it's a net
positive. If you're actively managing
your account and writing new ads today,
I think it's it's it's too much of a I
just don't think it'll be a net
positive. Then there's the whole URL
inclusion versus or URL exclusion. If
you're not using dynamic search ads
today, then I do think it's a like
having URL inclusion like like expanding
the URLs is a really good idea because
most e-commerce stores and most people
in general are not using their entire
website when they're advertising. That's
also why a lot of people that I saw when
PMAX first came out they said wow now
I'm getting 10% 20% 30% more conversions
and when went in and looked it was like
okay it was search it's not branded
search let's just take that out of here
but it was just search it was like when
we enable dynamic search ads it does do
like 10 20 30% more volume and it's just
what it does so that's a net good thing
then there's the whole messing with my
campaign structure
I really don't like it I think it's
going to a necessary evil though. I
don't I think we're going to have to
rethink how we do campaign structure,
how we think about some of these things
in the future to enable AI max and full
exploration because where I think that
it's not there today with the way that
it writes assets and headlines for us,
there's no reason why it shouldn't be
able to write like customize a headline
for somebody like me searching for uh
running shoes with people with plantto
fascitis and who needs
art support. There's no reason why it
can't after I've given it all that
context in the AI mode that it can't
specifically write that ad instead of me
having an ad that says cheap running
shoes or whatever stupid super stupid
super stupid super stupid super stupid
general thing. So I I think we're not
like with a lot of AI we're not quite
there yet but we're getting there and
the second we get there then the
performance will be so nice. Uh so I
think we have to rethink campaign
structure. We're going to spend a little
bit of time here in in this year
thinking about how we're going to
restructure for AI max is still very
early, but the early signs we see are
also
>> they're also decent. Again, nothing
surprising. A little bit like broad
match 10% more, 5% more. Nothing like
huge if your account is running well,
but I would say this one this is one to
>> this is one one that I would say most
people should probably enable it,
>> test it at least. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that
went by very quickly on my end and I
feel like we've disappointed the people
because we mostly agree here, Andrew.
But maybe that's also just a sign of how
the industry is evolving and you know
what I mean. There are many different
ways to get good results from Google
Ads. But I think the core principles of
feeding it the right data, testing new
things, not having a one-sizefits-all
approach, understanding the business and
the offer and the landing page are just
as important as what we do in the count.
And what I think most importantly, just
trying to work with the system rather
than trying to fight against the system.
You will lose. It's Google. So just
figure out how to make it work for you.
And uh and we can all prosper together.
Thank you so much, Andrew, for joining
me. Thank you everyone who has tuned in
live and who is watching the replay. If
you would like to hear more from Andrew
or I, I have linked below this video
both of our LinkedIn pages as well as
both of our YouTube channels. Have a
great weekend, Andrew. Thank you.
>> Yes, sir. Thank you.